Walker told me about
an opportunity in Texas.
Cheaper than rebuilding here.
that's for sure.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[Jeanie]
I don't want this ranch
to become something
I can't recognize.
My husband and I will honor it.
Two. three days tops. I'm back.
Not this time.
It was her decision.
-[auctioneer bid calling]
-This is our boy. here.
[auctioneer] Got ten.
Uh. give me. give me...
-Again.
-[auctioneer] Give me ten-five.
Sold to him over there
at $10.000. Man in black.
[lock buzzes]
You know how to cowboy?
I am a cowboy.
Get in the fucking truck.
[truck engine starts]
You need to find out
what they know
before it gets more complicated.
Claudio. my friend. Beth.
Everett tells me that you cut
the finest T-bone in the state.
I do.
[Beth]
I'm gonna need the best cuts
to hook the best buyers.
When do you think
I could see you again?
I have a boyfriend.
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
[loud thud]
♪ gentle. peaceful music ♪
[birds singing]
[lowing softly]
♪♪♪
[objects clatter]
[liquid pouring]
Morning.
Morning. Want coffee?
I woke up in the night.
You weren't there.
Yeah. well...
I got up that early.
-Thanks.
-Mm.
Everything okay?
Yeah. I just got shit
on my mind.
Okay.
♪ dramatic music ♪
I got to go to Dallas. I got
that meeting at the Swexan.
Mm-hmm.
Well. you got time for a ride?
Always.
-I'll saddle some horses.
-I'll get dressed.
All right.
[sighs]
[exhales]
-[Beth] Hut!
-[Rip clicking tongue]
[cattle lowing]
-[Beth] Come on. Hup. hup.
-[Rip clicking tongue]
[Beth]
Hup. hup.
[Rip]
Hup. hup. [clicking tongue]
[Beth]
Hut!
[clicking tongue]
♪ gentle music ♪
[Beth]
Hut!
[clicking tongue] Hup!
Come on.
[Beth]
Hut. hut. hut!
[Rip]
Hup!
-Nice job.
-Thanks. honey.
[sighs]
See our girl?
Where is she? Oh. yeah. yeah.
[Beth]
Looks right at home.
Tell you what.
I'll get 'em watered.
and you get us a deal.
sweetheart.
I'll get us a deal.
All I need is one.
Shit. I almost feel bad
for the poor bastard.
Oh. you should.
Love ya.
[Beth]
Love you. too. baby.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ gentle music ♪
[birds singing]
[horse snorts softly]
You ready to get back
at it. mi compa?
Can't wait.
-Gracias.
-De nada.
Hey. honey.
You look nice.
Shouldn't you be dressed
for school?
I am dressed for school.
I know you don't want
to be there.
but if you just keep
your head down. work hard.
try to learn something.
Where you going?
Dallas.
What for?
Gonna sling some beef.
Sounds like fun.
Might be.
Change your shirt.
[door closes]
[organ music playing]
[Beulah]
It's hard to put into words
what Ellis Logan meant
to this community.
It's harder to tell you
what he meant to me.
If he was here
right now. he'd say.
"Come on. B. get on with it.
Daylight's a-wasting."
-[soft laughter]
-[Beulah] Rio Paloma's a town of
outlaws and cattle rustlers.
To be a sheriff
in a community like ours
is to be the most citizen
of all citizens.
For nearly 20 years.
Ellis didn't just
make that uniform look good.
he was an incorruptible force
for good.
But that doesn't mean
he was always law-abiding.
Like the time
he snuck me and Becky Jo
into the Starlite Drive-In.
hidden in the trunk
of his big. old. green Caprice.
[laughter]
Oh.
Rio Paloma's gonna miss you.
Ellis Logan.
I sure am. too.
[organist playing
"Amazing Grace"]
[Beulah]
So sorry for your loss.
[man]
Thank you. ma'am.
Wonderful to see you.
Take care of yourself now.
So sorry.
So sorry for your loss.
Thank you for having me.
He was a good man.
Well...
You almost made me like Ellis.
[both laugh]
I almost made myself
like him. too.
-[sighs]
-[Beulah laughs]
There comes a time when
there are far more funerals
than baptisms or birthdays.
Burials are all you go to.
Until you show up at your own.
We got a ways to go yet.
Oh. Everett.
This place will be the death
of us. sooner or later.
Well. we'll just greet it
with a smile.
Well. I've missed you.
[Everett sighs]
♪ wistful music ♪
Yeah.
[sniffles]
Take care.
[Beulah sighs]
Buddy. I could do this all day.
You got a real problem. kid.
[entry bell jingles]
-Just what you asked for.
-Wow.
[Claudio]
The very best.
You're a talent. Thank you.
Got your cooler?
Oh. shit.
You can use one of mine.
-[grunts]
-Thanks. Business still good?
[Claudio]
Still hard.
Last year.
we serviced nine ranches.
Three gave up.
three were sold off by the acre.
and three were bought
by Big Beef.
I'm sorry.
Well. you take care
of my business.
I'll take care of yours.
♪ gentle music ♪
-I like your sticker.
-It's Felipe's.
Do not remove.
Wouldn't dream of it.
[entry bell jingles]
♪♪♪
Catch you later. buddy.
[truck door opens. closes]
Beulah. a moment?
Seeing you here. I feel like
it's coming up a cloud.
Nah. there's no rain
in the forecast. darling.
Just the matter of
Wes Ayers going missing.
His wife's mama is raising
all kind of hell.
and telling
anybody who'll listen.
"10-Petal had a hand in it."
Hmm. Did you listen?
It's my job to listen. Beulah.
You think
I don't know your job?
I know not to tell you yours.
but you need to get a handle
on your bunkhouse.
Well. it's handled.
But since we're offering advice.
why didn't you call me
about Oreana at the rodeo?
Well. it seemed like
a small thing. mostly.
Oh. The election contribution
I gave you was not.
Ellis-- God rest his soul--
he understood that.
Maybe that's why
he was so grateful.
Guess I'm still learning
how to be grateful.
Learn faster. Sheriff Wade.
♪ ominous music ♪
Ma'am.
[vehicle door closes]
♪ All the gold ♪
♪ This valley's ever sold ♪
♪ Charlene. I've been ♪
♪ Waiting on you... ♪
[sighs] What happened?
Fucking Hoyt.
Thanks for ditching.
'Course. I like seeing you.
♪ Charlene. come and see... ♪
That's a good look.
[sighs]
Anyway.
we got into another fight 'cause
he can't keep
his dick in his pants.
I called him out on it.
and he fucking dropped me here.
But I got his lying ass
this time.
I dropped an AirTag
on that piece of shit's truck.
He's at Nicole's.
♪ Charlene... ♪
Why date someone
you hate so much?
♪ Come and see
your good friend... ♪
Why don't you save me?
-♪ Charlene... ♪
-[sighs]
Hmm?
[vehicle approaching]
Boss. you're gonna
want to see this.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
[lowing]
[Rip]
Easy. Easy.
Easy.
Any ideas?
[Rip]
Easy.
Shit.
Goddamn it.
♪ tense music ♪
[gunshot]
♪ upbeat music ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Oh. wait.
let's get these guys.
[woman 2] Hey. can you guys
come take a picture with us?
-[woman 1] Please?
-[woman 3] Him. too. Come on.
-[woman 2] Take our picture.
-[woman 1 gasps] Yes. Yes. yes.
Thanks. thanks.
thanks. thanks. Okay.
-Yes. yes. yes.
-You got to come. too.
Come on.
-No. horizontal.
-Just get over here.
[woman 1]
Okay. everybody ready?
-One. Two. Three.
-Say. "Girls trip."
-[cheering]
-Okay. wait. go higher.
-Go higher with the camera.
-Yeah. vertical next.
-[woman 1] Okay. ready?
-[cheering]
-[woman 1] Girls weekend!
-[horn honks]
-Oh. my God.
-Rude.
-[scoffs]
-You and your dusty truck.
Okay... [scoffs]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪ exciting music ♪
[elevator bell dings]
[elevator doors slide open]
[Moore] We've got 65 covers in
the first seating this evening.
so I need everyone
on their game.
Also. Sam Kauffman's
coming in tonight.
so let's make sure
we send a bottle
of Screaming Eagle Cab.
on the house.
Finally. let's not have a repeat
of last night's circus. Paula.
[scoffs] Please.
The kitchen knows exactly
how many covers
we did last night. 218.
The tip-out was easily $750
short. It's basic fucking math.
It's not the time or place.
Let's get to work.
Tip-outs are tomorrow's issue.
Thanks. everyone.
-[woman] Yes. sir.
-[man] Yes. sir.
-[quiet chatter]
-[man clears throat]
[quietly]
Prick.
Well. fuck that. and fuck him.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[quiet chatter]
[chef] Can you toss
the bread in the oven?
[chef 2] Still breaking down
those chickens.
[chef 3]
We got five minutes on family.
[Beth] That's pretty shitty
about the tip-outs.
I'll double
last night's shortfall
if you add one perfectly-grilled
rib eye to the family meal.
$1.500.
Medium rare.
The only way.
-Julio.
-Yes. Chef?
-Crank up that grill.
-Yes. Chef.
Attagirl.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
I'm afraid you're right. Rip.
Foot-and-mouth.
It'll burn through
your whole damn herd
if you don't act quick.
There hasn't been a case
of FMD in decades.
Well. not that you'd hear.
but we got anti-vaxxers
running wild. hmm?
Animals shipping all over.
Mexico's 70 miles south.
and that screwworm infestation
shut down live cattle imports
for months.
hurt a lot
of pocketbooks. [sighs]
Borders don't...
they don't give a shit
about critters
or desperate ranchers.
All it takes is one.
Or a new fucking bull.
[quiet chatter]
Hundred and forty years.
[Moore]
Excuse me?
One hundred and forty years.
That's how long my family's
been raising cattle.
And you are...?
Beth Dutton.
Dutton?
Yes. sir.
Uh. the Yellowstone
was a cow-calf operation.
It was.
My husband and I.
we moved to Texas.
and we're raising beef now
out of Rio Paloma.
Ms. Dutton. I have an exhausting
excess of eager ranchers
all singing the same
ranch-to-table song.
Oh. sure you do.
That's not my tune.
You see.
I have the crown
fucking jewel. Giles.
Impeccable genetics.
certified Black Angus.
refined over decades
in the Winter Garden.
Rio Paloma.
You bought Bill Edwards' ranch?
Sure did. His and Jeanie's.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
I'm bringing my next one to Nick
and Sam's in about a minute.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
The myth of that cattle's
floated around Texas for years.
How'd you get your hands on it?
Fifty seconds.
It's getting cold.
[sighs]
[sighs] I'll do what I can
to mitigate this.
keep it a secret
for you and Beth.
No need to go
causing a panic yet. but
if this thing breaks bad...
I understand. I got it.
Is that Zach Moss over there?
[Rip]
It is.
[Everett]
You trust him?
I'm trusting you. ain't I?
Azul. Zachariah.
we're gonna quarantine the herd
and put a pasture in between.
I want you to go get
all the fucking
camping supplies
and bring it down here.
We're gonna be here
for a few days.
-Yes. sir.
I'll help you guys load up.
How worried should we be?
Really fucking worried. but
you and the horses will be fine.
[Everett]
It was good to see you. Zach.
[Zach]
Hello. Mr. Everett.
[truck engine starts]
[kissing sounds]
[Oreana]
Fucking bitch.
[sighs] I knew
he'd fucking be here.
Why so many stickers?
More stickers. smaller the dick.
Huh. [chuckles]
-Where you going?
-Be right back.
The fuck?
[grunts]
[Carter laughs]
[chuckles]
Hell. Oreana.
he might be a keeper.
[opens glove box]
-[exhales]
-[closes glove box]
Hey!
-Oh. fucking run.
-Shit. Fuck you!
Yeah. run! Get out of here!
♪ suspenseful music ♪
-Get the fuck out of here!
-[engine starts]
You better run!
This ain't over!
I'm-a kill you. boy!
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
Breaks a heart to see this.
[sighs]
A few things to make you
comfortable. huh?
Thank you. ma'am.
Uh. I've spoken with Chet.
He'll apologize.
and you'll accept.
I'd sooner kill him.
Well. I'm not sure
how that helps.
I guess I ain't feeling
so helpful.
Well. all your bills
will be paid. of course.
[sighs] But if there's
anything more that I--
I'd take another beating
before I take your money.
I might've thought less of you
if you'd been inclined
otherwise.
Mm.
Oh.
I just want to do my job.
the way it was before.
That ain't so hard.
Hmm.
Not always so easy. either.
Truth be told. I can make this
a lot harder for all y'all.
Let's wait till
you're back on your feet.
and get you home. huh?
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Yes. ma'am.
There you go.
That's a good cowboy.
♪♪♪
[ringing]
[sighs]
Yes?
[Mariano over phone] I've heard
you got a new foreman.
I do.
We have a lot of cattle
moving this month.
Mm-hmm. I'm aware.
I expect no surprises.
And I expect you to let me
run my ranch as I see fit.
No surprises. Beulah.
-[call beeps off]
-♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[Joaquin over phone]
Yes. Mother?
Joaquin. I want you to give me
Whitney Ayers' address.
I'm paying her a visit. too.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[lowing]
[tires screech]
What the fuck is going on
around here?
Fucking...
[clicking tongue]
♪ exciting music ♪
[Anna]
Zachariah.
-[panting]
-[car alarm chiming]
[Everett]
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Anna...
Put that gun down.
I'm ready.
Anna. Please.
No. [panting]
[Everett]
Put it down.
[Rip]
Azul. Azul.
Drop that rifle.
Rip. this is Anna Dupree.
[Rip]
Anna. this is my ranch.
and I would appreciate
if you dropped that gun.
He's got to pay.
Well. I'm not saying
he doesn't...
but it'd help to know
what he did.
-It's my retribution.
-Shut your mouth.
-[alarm continues chiming]
-You shut the fuck up.
Goddamn it. Azul.
close that fucking door.
-[car door closes. alarm stops]
-[Rip] Anna.
Hey. I'm here. What did he do?
[crying] He killed my baby.
-You take someone I love...
-[Anna sobs]
...and I would feel
the same as you.
-You understand?
-I do understand.
Anna. what was
your daughter's name?
-Theresa.
-[Rip] Whoa. Anna.
Hey. stay with me. now.
Stay here.
♪ somber music ♪
[Anna breathing shakily]
Do you think Theresa would
find peace in this?
'Cause I promise you.
you won't.
But he might.
[sobbing]
Now go on. just put it down.
Now. go on and give me the gun.
It's okay.
[whimpers]
This is too damn heavy.
[sobbing]
Just breathe. Everett. you mind?
[Anna sobbing]
-I've got her. I've got her.
-Yeah.
Come on. Hey. hey. it's okay.
Zachariah. your prayers
better not be for show.
-[sighs]
-[Rip] Or I'll shoot you myself.
Now get up.
Azul. get him out of here.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[soft music playing]
I'm glad you came to me. but...
the competition is fierce.
even with beef as good as yours.
Most of these Texas outfits.
they have a significant lead.
Well. I plan on catching up.
You'll need to deal with
Frontier Hospitality Group.
They supply nearly every
high-end hotel and restaurant
in Texas. including mine.
I know.
That's why I came to you.
I'll place the call.
But Zane Nash can be...
difficult.
I handle difficult.
I'm sure you do. Beth.
Whatever Miss Dutton wants
for dinner. it's on the house.
[laughs] Yeah!
[siren wailing]
[Oreana gasps]
Don't stop.
Come on.
[sighs] Great.
[sighs]
[indistinct radio chatter]
Young lady. I know some people
find your antics exciting.
charming. even...
-Hmm.
-[Wade] ...but I don't.
I've got you
for disturbing the peace.
-vandalism--
-[Oreana] What about that gun
that Hoyt was waving around?
There's only so much
you Jacksons can push me.
get under my skin.
Before what?
Before the weight of this badge
buries you.
Son. I think I've extended you
about all the courtesy I can.
I want to like you. I do.
but do not give me
one more fucking reason
not to.
Do you understand?
Go home. Oreana.
Go fuck yourself.
-[chuckles]
-[Wade] Take her home.
Kicking and screaming
if necessary.
I see either one of you again.
I'm putting you in cuffs.
Have a nice day.
Piece of shit.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
[insects trilling]
[Beulah]
Only a moment.
Mrs. Ayers?
Whitney?
Hello?
♪ suspenseful music ♪
[exhales]
♪♪♪
[insects trilling]
Whitney's gone.
And this is
a fucking problem.
[owl hooting in distance]
-[Zach grunts]
-How you doing. Zach?
Still praying for salvation
through the Lord's judgment.
Yeah. He works
in mysterious ways.
Why don't you tell me
about Theresa. Zachariah?
She was Terry Jane to me.
We were in love.
A secret we kept
from her family. from Anna.
For reasons
that don't matter anymore.
We got in an argument.
I was drunk.
I was blinded by hurt.
I tried to run away.
Threw my truck in reverse.
♪ somber music ♪
It was an accident.
It was an accident that...
don't really feel
like an accident.
Makes you...
wonder if some things
are unforgivable.
Everybody thought
I was the devil.
I did. too.
Till I found the Lord.
Rio Paloma's got
a long memory
and bigger feelings.
Everybody took
Terry Jane's death hard.
Zach took the brunt of it.
Big time.
I ain't saying
that's fair or right. but...
...that was the way of it.
I deserved every bit of it.
That's not true.
My old man used to say
you can't ask for forgiveness.
All you can do is give it.
Even to yourself.
[soft jazz music playing]
-I want that one.
-Two of those.
[woman 1]
No. no. make it...
[overlapping chatter]
I hear it was impressive.
what you did
with Giles earlier.
Let me guess.
One for the wife.
one for the girlfriend.
one for the boyfriend?
[laughs]
This one's for business.
This one. too.
And so is that one.
That's a lot of business.
I represent the 10-Petal Ranch
in Rio Paloma.
You follow me here?
That your fucking business?
I'm just friendly competition.
There's no such thing.
My name is Joaquin Reyes.
Oh. you're not a cattleman.
More of a problem solver.
Oh. yeah.
one of those. huh?
The Jacksons.
they raised me like family.
Beulah?
Lucky you.
My parents. they. uh.
they never had the means
or the chance to raise me.
Some say family
and business don't mix.
but sometimes.
that's all we have.
Oh. you remind me
of my father's attorney.
Is that a good thing?
It's not ideal.
Well. despite your views
on competition. Miss Dutton.
if there is anything
I can do to help your ranch.
you'll let me know?
[smacks lips] Sure.
Beulah might've mentioned you
once or twice.
You made an impression.
Oh. yeah?
That's good to know.
Adios. Joaquin.
♪ gentle music ♪
Hmm.
[door closes]
Is this where you were before?
Sort of. yeah.
You want to go back?
I do...
but I can't.
You can do whatever you want.
Will you go with me?
♪ tense music ♪
Much better.
[Oreana laughs]
Don't be scared.
Uh...
I'm not.
You are.
[chuckles]
[Carter chuckles]
[Oreana sighs]
♪ gentle music ♪
[cattle lowing]
[Everett]
You're doing all you can. Rip.
That's all a man can do.
It's an act of God business.
huh?
Everett. you ought to go home.
get some rest.
It's gonna be
a long fucking night.
Yeah. all right.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
[cattle lowing]
I'm glad you took Zach on.
He's a good man. he's just done
some terrible things.
I reckon that describes
most of us.
[chuckles]
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
Hey.
I got it.
Hey. listen. you're gonna
want to come home.
Well. I'm already
on the road. Why?
Just be safe and get home
as quick as you can.
Are you okay?
Is Carter?
Yeah. we're both fine.
Please don't lie to me.
I never have. honey.
and I never will.
Be back as soon as I can.
♪ intense. dramatic music ♪
♪ "Til the Goin' Gets Gone"
by Lindi Ortega playing ♪
[Beulah sighs]
♪ Oh. the wheels.
they keep on spinning ♪
♪ I ain't getting anywhere ♪
♪ It's been driving me ♪
-♪ Into the ground ♪
-[sighs]
♪ Gonna bury my bones there ♪
♪ And I hope someday
they find me ♪
♪ See that I was on my way ♪
♪ When I lay down
by the side of the road ♪
♪ Where I made my grave ♪
♪ Oh. I got to keep going ♪
♪ Got to keep going on ♪
♪ From the dead of night ♪
♪ To the break
of the early dawn ♪
♪ Yeah. I got to keep going ♪
♪ Got to keep going on ♪
♪ Keep on going.
little darling ♪
♪ Till the going gets gone ♪
[cattle lowing]
♪ Yeah. I got to keep going ♪
♪ Got to keep going on ♪
♪ Keep on going.
little darling ♪
♪ Till the going gets gone ♪
♪ Oh. I got to keep going ♪
♪ Got to keep going on ♪
♪ From the dead of night ♪
♪ To the break
of the early dawn ♪
♪ Yeah. I got to keep going ♪
♪ Got to keep going on ♪
♪ Keep on going.
little darling ♪
♪ Till the going
gets gone. gone. gone ♪
♪ Keep on going.
little darling ♪
♪ Till the going gets gone ♪
[gate creaks open]
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪